"Anastasia, it doesn't matter if it's legal or not. It represents an
arrangement that I  would like to make with you - what I would like
from you and what you can expect from  me. If you don't like it, then
don't sign. If you do sign, and then decide you don't like it,  there
are enough get-out clauses so you can walk away. Even if it were
legally binding, do  you think I'd drag you through the courts if you
did decide to run?" I take a long draft of my wine. My subconscious
taps me hard on the shoulder. You  must keep your wits about you.
Don't drink too much. "Relationships like this are built on honesty
and trust," he continues. "If you don't  trust me - trust me to know
how I'm affecting you, how far I can go with you, how far I  can take
you - if you can't be honest with me, then we really can't do this."
Oh my, we've cut to the chase quickly. How far he can take me. Holy
shit. What does  that mean?  "So it's quite simple, Anastasia. Do you
trust me or not?" His eyes are burning, fervent. "Did you have similar
discussions with um... the fifteen?" "No." "Why not?" "Because they were
all established submissives. They knew what they wanted out of  a
relationship with me and generally what I expected. With them, it was
just a question of  fine-tuning the soft limits, details like that."
"Is there a store you go to? Submissives R Us?" He laughs.  "Not
exactly." "Then how?" "Is that what you want to discuss? Or shall we
get down to the nitty-gritty? Your issues,  as you say." I swallow. Do
I trust him? Is that what this all comes down to - trust? Surely that
should be a two-way thing. I remember his snit when I phoned Jos√©."Are
you hungry?" he asks, distracting me from my thoughts. Oh no... food.
"No." "Have you eaten today?" I stare at him. Honesty... Holy crap, he's
not going to like my answer.  "No." My voice is small. He narrows his
eyes.  "You have to eat, Anastasia. We can eat down here or in my
suite. What would you  prefer?" "I think we should stay in public, on
neutral ground." He smiles sardonically.  "Do you think that would
stop me?" he says softly, a sensual warning. My eyes widen, and I
swallow again.  "I hope so." "Come, I have a private dining room
booked. No public." He smiles at me enigmatically  and climbs out of
the booth, holding his hand out to me. "Bring your wine," he murmurs.
Placing my hand in his, I slide out and stand up beside him. He
releases me, and his  hand reaches for my elbow. He leads me back
through the bar and up the grand stairs to a  mezzanine floor. A young
man in full Heathman livery approaches us. "Mr. Grey, this way sir."
We follow him through a plush seating area to an intimate dining room.
Just one  secluded table. The room is small but sumptuous. Beneath a
shimmering chandelier,  the table is all starched linen, crystal
glasses, silver cutlery, and white rose bouquet. An  old-world,
sophisticated charm pervades the wood-paneled room. The waiter pulls
out my  chair, and I sit. He places my napkin in my lap. Christian
sits opposite me. I peek up at  him. "Don't bite your lip," he
whispers. I frown. Damn it. I don't even know that I'm doing it. "I've
ordered already. I hope you don't mind." Frankly, I'm relieved, I'm
not sure I can make any further decisions. "No, that's fine," I
acquiesce. "It's good to know that you can be amenable. Now, where
were we?" "The nitty-gritty." I take another large sip of wine. It
really is delicious. Christian  Grey does wine well. I remember the
last sip of wine he gave me, in my bed. I blush at  the intrusive
thought. "Yes, your issues." He fishes into his inside jacket pocket
and pulls out a piece of paper.  My email.  "Clause 2. Agreed. This is
for the benefit of us both. I shall redraft." I blink at him. Holy
shit... we are going to go through each of these points one at a  time.
I just don't feel so brave face to face. He looks so earnest. I steel
myself with another  sip of my wine. Christian continues.  "My sexual
health. Well, all of my previous partners have had blood tests, and I
have  regular tests every six months for all the health risks you
mention. All my recent tests are clear. I have never taken drugs. In
fact, I'm vehemently anti-drugs. I have a strict no- tolerance policy
with regards to drugs for all my employees, and I insist on random
drug  testing." Wow... control freakery gone mad. I blink at him
shocked. "I have never had any blood transfusions. Does that answer
your question?" I nod, impassive. "Your next point I mentioned
earlier. You can walk away any time, Anastasia. I won't  stop you. If
you go, however - that's it. Just so you know." "Okay," I answer
softly. If I go, that's it. The thought is surprisingly painful. The
waiter arrives with our first course. How can I possibly eat? Holy
Moses - he's  ordered oysters on a bed of ice.  "I hope you like
oysters," Christian's voice is soft. "I've never had one." Ever.
"Really? Well." He reaches for one. "All you do is tip and swallow. I
think you can  manage that." He gazes at me, and I know what he's
referring to. I blush scarlet. He grins  at me, squirts some lemon
juice onto his oyster, and then tips it into his mouth. "Hmm,
delicious. Tastes of the sea," he grins at me. "Go on," he encourages.
"So, I don't chew it?" "No, Anastasia, you don't." His eyes are alight
with humor. He looks so young like  this.  I bite my lip, and his
expression changes instantly. He looks sternly at me. I reach  across
and pick up my first ever oyster. Okay... here goes nothing. I squirt
some lemon  juice on it and tip it up. It slips down my throat, all
seawater, salt, the sharp tang of citrus,  and fleshiness... ooh. I lick
my lips, and he's watching me intently, his eyes hooded. "Well?" "I'll
have another," I say dryly. "Good girl," he says proudly. "Did you
choose these deliberately? Aren't they known for their aphrodisiac
qualities?""No, they are the first item on the menu. I don't need an
aphrodisiac near you. I think  you know that, and I think you react
the same way near me," he says simply. "So where  were we?" He glances
at my email as I reach for another oyster. He reacts the same way. I
affect him... wow. "Obey me in all things. Yes, I want you to do that. I
need you to do that. Think of it  as role-play Anastasia." "But I'm
worried you'll hurt me." "Hurt you how?" "Physically." And
emotionally. "Do you really think I would do that? Go beyond any limit
you can't take?" "You've said you've hurt someone before." "Yes, I
have. It was a long time ago." "How did you hurt them?""I suspended
them from my playroom ceiling. In fact, that's one of your questions.
Suspension - that's what the karabiners are for in the playroom. Rope
play. One of the  ropes was tied too tightly." I hold my hand up
begging him to stop. "I don't need to know any more. So you won't
suspend me then?" "Not if you really don't want to. You can make that
a hard limit." "Okay." "So obeying, do you think you can manage that?"
He stares at me, his gray eyes intense. The seconds tick by. "I could
try," I whisper. "Good." He smiles. "Now term. One month instead of
three is no time at all, especially  if you want a weekend away from
me each month. I don't think I'll be able to stay  away from you for
that length of time. I can barely manage it now," he pauses. He can't
stay away from me? What? "How about, one day over one weekend per
month you get to yourself - but I get a  midweek night that week?"
"Okay." "And please, let's try it for three months. If it's not for
you then, you can walk away  anytime." "Three months?" I'm feeling
railroaded. I take another large sip of wine and treat myself  to
another oyster. I could learn to like these. "The ownership thing,
that's just terminology and goes back to the principle of obeying.
It's to get you into the right frame of mind, to understand where I'm
coming from.  And I want you to know that as soon as you cross my
threshold as my submissive, I will do  what I like to you. You have to
accept that and willingly. That's why you have to trust me.  I will
fuck you, any time, any way, I want - anywhere I want. I will
discipline you, because  you will screw up. I will train you to please
me. But I know you've not done this before.  Initially, we'll take it
slowly, and I will help you. We'll build up to various scenarios. I
want you to trust me, but I know I have to earn your trust, and I
will. The "or otherwise"  - again it's to help you get into the
mindset, it means anything goes." He's so passionate, mesmerizing.
This is obviously his obsession, the way he is... I  can't take my eyes
off him. He really, really wants this. He stops talking and gazes at
me. "Still with me?" he whispers, his voice rich, warm and seductive.
He takes a sip of his  wine, his penetrating stare holding mine. The
waiter comes to the door, and Christian subtly nods permitting the
waiter to clear  our table. "Would you like some more wine?" "I have
to drive." "Some water then?" I nod. "Still or sparkling?" "Sparkling,
please." The waiter leaves. "You're very quiet," Christian
whispers."You're very verbose." He smiles.  "Discipline. There's a
very fine line between pleasure and pain Anastasia. They are  two
sides of the same coin, one not existing without the other. I can show
you how pleasurable  pain can be. You don't believe me now, but this
is what I mean about trust. There  will be pain, but nothing that you
can't handle. Again, it comes down to trust. Do you  trust me, Ana?"
Ana! "Yes, I do." I respond spontaneously, not thinking... because it's
true - I do trust him. "Well then," he looks relieved. "The rest of
this stuff is just details." "Important details." "Okay, let's talk
through those." My head is swimming with all his words. I should have
brought Kate's mini disc  player so I can listen back to this. There
is so much information, so much to process. The  waiter re-emerges
with our entrees: black cod, asparagus, and crushed potatoes with a
hollandaise  sauce. I have never felt less like food. "I hope you like
fish," Christian says mildly. I make a stab at my food and take a long
drink of my sparkling water. I vehemently  wish it was wine. "The
rules. Let's talk about them. The food is a deal breaker?" "Yes." "Can
I modify to say that you will eat at least three meals a day?" "No." I
am so not backing down on this. No one is going to dictate to me what
I eat.  How I fuck, yes, but eat... no, no way. He purses his lips. "I
need to know that you're not hungry." I frown. Why?  "You'll have to
trust me." He gazes at me for a moment, and he relaxes.  "Touch√©, Miss
Steele," he says quietly. "I concede the food and the sleep." "Why
can't I look at you?" "That's a Dom/sub thing. You'll get used to it."
Will I? "Why can't I touch you?" "Because you can't." His mouth sets
in a mulish line. "Is it because of Mrs. Robinson?" He looks
quizzically at me.  "Why would you think that?" And immediately he
understands. "You think she traumatized  me?" I nod. "No Anastasia.
She's not the reason. Besides, Mrs. Robinson wouldn't take any of
that shit from me." Oh... but I have to. I pout. "So nothing to do with
her." "No. And I don't want you touching yourself, either." What? Ah
yes, the no masturbation clause. "Out of curiosity... why?" "Because I
want all your pleasure," his voice is husky, but determined. Oh... I
have no answer for that. On one level it's up there with, ‚ÄòI want to
bite that lip',  on another, it's so selfish. I frown and take a bite
of cod, trying to assess mentally what  concessions I've gained. The
food, the sleep, I can look him in the eye. He's going to take  it
slow, and we haven't discussed soft limits. But I'm not sure I can
face that over food. "I've given you a great deal to think about
haven't I?" "Yes." "Do you want to go through the soft limits now
too?" "Not over dinner." He smiles.  "Squeamish?" "Something like
that." "You've not eaten very much." "I've had enough." "Three
oysters, four bites of cod, and one asparagus stalk, no potatoes, no
nuts, no  olives, and you've not eaten all day. You said I could trust
you." Jeez. He's kept an inventory. "Christian, please, it's not every
day I sit through conversations like this." "I need you fit and
healthy Anastasia." "I know." "And right now, I want to peel you out
of that dress." I swallow. Peel me out of Kate's dress. I feel the
pull deep in my belly. Muscles that  I'm now more acquainted with
clench at his words. But I can't have this. His most potent  weapon,
used against me again. He's so good at sex - even I've figured this
out. "I don't think that's a good idea," I murmur quietly. "We haven't
had dessert." "You want dessert?" he snorts. "Yes." "You could be
dessert," he murmurs suggestively. "I'm not sure I'm sweet enough."
"Anastasia, you're deliciously sweet. I know." "Christian. You use sex
as a weapon. It really isn't fair," I whisper, staring down at my
hands, and then looking directly at him. He raises his eyebrows,
surprised, and I see he's  considering my words. He strokes his chin
thoughtfully. "You're right. I do. In life you use what you know,
Anastasia. Doesn't change how  much I want you. Here. Now." How can he
seduce me solely with his voice? I'm panting already - my heated blood
rushing through my veins, my nerves tingling. "I'd like to try
something," he breathes. I frown. He's just given me a shit load of
ideas to process and now this."If you were my sub, you wouldn't have
to think about this. It would be easy." His  voice is soft, seductive.
"All those decisions - all the wearying thought processes behind
them. The - is this the right thing to do? Should this happen here?
Can it happen now?  You wouldn't have to worry about any of that
detail. That's what I'd do as your Dom. And  right now, I know you
want me, Anastasia." My frown deepens. How can he tell? "I can tell
because... " Holy shit he's answering my unspoken question. Is he
psychic as well? "... Your body gives you away. You're pressing your
thighs together, you're flushed,  and your breathing has changed." O,
this is too much. "How do you know about my thighs?" My voice is low,
disbelieving. They're under  the table for heaven's sake. "I felt the
tablecloth move, and it's a calculated guess based on years of
experience.  I'm right aren't I?" I flush and stare down at my hands.
That's what I'm hindered by in this game of seduction.  He's the only
one who knows and understands the rules. I'm just too na√Øve and
inexperienced. My only sphere of reference is Kate, and she doesn't
take any shit from  men. My other references are all fictional:
Elizabeth Bennett would be outraged, Jane Eyre  too frightened, and
Tess would succumb, just as I have. "I haven't finished my cod."
"You'd prefer cold cod to me?" My head jerks up to glare at him, and
his gray eyes burn molten silver, with compelling  need. "I thought
you liked me clearing my plate." "Right now, Miss Steele, I couldn't
give a fuck about your food." "Christian. You just don't fight fair."
"I know. I never have." My inner goddess frowns at me. You can do
this, she coaxes - play this sex god at his  own game. Can I? Okay.
What to do? My inexperience is an albatross around my neck.  Picking
up a spear of asparagus, I gaze at him and bite my lip. Then very
slowly put the tip  of my cold asparagus in my mouth and suck it.
Christian's eyes widen infinitesimally, but I notice. "Anastasia. What
are you doing?" I bite off the tip.  "Eating my asparagus." Christian
shifts in his seat.  "I think you're toying with me, Miss Steele." I
feign innocence.  "I'm just finishing my food, Mr. Grey." The waiter
chooses this moment to knock and, unbidden, enter. He glances briefly
at  Christian, who frowns at him but then nods, so the waiter clears
our plates. The waiter's  arrival has broken the spell. And I grasp
this precious moment of clarity. I have to go. Our  meeting will only
end one way if I stay, and I need some boundaries after such an
intense conversation. As much as my body craves his touch, my mind is
rebelling. I need some  distance to think about all he's said. I still
haven't made a decision, and his sexual allure  and prowess doesn't
make it any easier. "Would you like some dessert?" Christian asks,
ever the gentleman, but his eyes still  blaze. "No, thank you. I think
I should go." I stare down at my hands. "Go?" He can't hide his
surprise. The waiter leaves hastily. "Yes." It's the right decision.
If I stay here, in this room with him, he will fuck me. I  stand,
purposefully. "We both have the graduation ceremony tomorrow."
Christian stands automatically, revealing years of ingrained civility.
"I don't want you to go." "Please... I have to." "Why?" "Because you've
given me so much to consider... and I need some distance." "I could make
you stay," he threatens. "Yes, you could easily, but I don't want you
to." He runs his hand through his hair, regarding me carefully. "You
know, when you fell into my office to interview me, you were all yes
sir, no sir.  I thought you were a natural born submissive. But quite
frankly, Anastasia, I'm not sure  you have a submissive bone in your
delectable body." He moves slowly toward me as his  speaks, his voice
tense. "You may be right," I breathe. "I want the chance to explore
the possibility that you do," he murmurs, staring down at  me. He
reaches up and caresses my face, his thumb tracing my lower lip. "I
don't know  any other way, Anastasia. This is who I am." "I know." He
leans down to kiss me, but pauses before his lips touch mine, his eyes
searching  mine, wanting, asking permission. I raise my lips to his,
and he kisses me and because I  don't know if I'll ever kiss him
again, I let go - my hands moving of their own accord and  twisting
into his hair, pulling him to me, my mouth opening, my tongue stroking
his. His  hand grasps the nape of my neck as he deepens the kiss,
responding to my ardor. His other  hand slides down my back and
flattens at the base of my spine as he pushes me against his  body. "I
can't persuade you to stay?" he breathes between kisses. "No." "Spend
the night with me." "And not touch you? No." He groans.  "You
impossible girl." He pulls back, gazing down at me. "Why do I think
you're  telling me goodbye?" "Because I'm leaving now." "That's not
what I mean, and you know it.""Christian, I have to think about this.
I don't know if I can have the kind of relationship  you want." He
closes his eyes and presses his forehead against mine, giving us both
the opportunity  to slow our breathing. After a moment, he kisses my
forehead, inhales deeply, his nose  in my hair, and then he releases
me, stepping back. "As you wish, Miss Steele," he says, his face
impassive. "I'll escort you to the lobby."  He holds out his hand.
Leaning down, I grab my purse and place my hand in his. Holy  crap,
this could be it. I follow him meekly down the grand stairs and into
the lobby, my  scalp prickling, my blood pumping. This could be the
last goodbye if I decide to say no.  My heart contracts painfully in
my chest. What a turnaround. What a difference a moment  of clarity
can make to a girl. "Do you have your valet ticket?" I fish into my
clutch purse and hand him the ticket, which he gives to the doorman. I
peek up at him as we stand waiting. "Thank you for dinner," I murmur.
"It's a pleasure as always, Miss Steele," he says politely, though he
looks deep in  thought, completely distracted.  As I peer up at him, I
commit his beautiful profile to memory. The idea that I might not  see
him again haunts me, unwelcome and too painful to contemplate. He
turns suddenly,  staring down at me, his expression intense.  "You're
moving this weekend to Seattle. If you make the right decision, can I
see you  on Sunday?" He sounds hesitant. "We'll see. Maybe," I
breathe. Momentarily, he looks relieved, and then he frowns. "It's
cooler now, don't you have a jacket?" "No." He shakes his head in
irritation and takes off his jacket. "Here. I don't want you catching
cold."  I blink up at him as he holds it open, and as I hold my arms
out behind me, I'm reminded  of the time in his office when he slipped
my coat onto my shoulders - the first time  I met him - and the effect
he had on me then. Nothing's changed, in fact, it's more intense.  His
jacket is warm, far too big, and it smells of him. Oh my... delicious.
My car pulls up outside. Christian's mouth drops open.  "That's what
you drive?" He's appalled. Taking my hand, he leads me outside. The
valet jumps out and hands me my keys, and Christian coolly palms him
some money. "Is this roadworthy?" He's glaring at me now. "Yes." "Will
it make it to Seattle?" "Yes. She will." "Safely?" "Yes," I snap,
exasperated. "Okay she's old. But she's mine, and she's roadworthy.
My stepdad bought it for me." "Oh, Anastasia, I think we can do better
than this." "What do you mean?" Realization dawns. "You are not buying
me a car." He glowers at me, his jaw tense. "We'll see," he says
tightly. He grimaces as he opens the driver's door and helps me in. I
take my shoes off and roll  down the window. He's gazing at me, his
expression unfathomable, eyes dark. "Drive safely," he says quietly.
"Goodbye, Christian." My voice is hoarse from unbidden, unshed tears -
jeez I'm not  going to cry. I give him a small smile.  As I drive
away, my chest constricts, my tears start to fall, and I choke back a
sob.  Soon tears are streaming down my face, and I really don't
understand why I'm crying. I  was holding my own. He explained
everything. He was clear. He wants me, but the truth  is, I need more.
I need him to want me like I want and need him, and deep down I know
that's not possible. I am just overwhelmed. I don't even know how to
categorize him. If I do this thing... will he be my boyfriend?  Will I
be able to introduce him to my friends? Go out to bars, the cinema,
bowling even,  with him? The truth is, I don't think I will. He won't
let me touch him and he won't let me  sleep with him. I know I've not
had these things in my past, but I want them in my future.  And that's
not the future he envisages. What if I do say yes, and in three
months' time he says no, he's had enough of trying  to mold me into
something I'm not. How will I feel? I'll have emotionally invested
three  months, doing things that I'm not sure I want to do. And if he
then says no, agreement over,  how could I cope with that level of
rejection? Perhaps it's best to back away now with what  self-esteem I
have reasonably intact. But the thought of not seeing him again is
agonizing. How has he gotten under my  skin so quickly? It can't just
be the sex... can it? I dash the tears from my eyes. I don't  want to
examine my feelings for him. I'm frightened what I'll uncover if I do.
What am  I going to do? I park up outside our duplex. No lights on.
Kate must be out. I'm relieved. I don't  want her to catch me crying
again. As I undress, I wake up the mean machine and sitting  in my
inbox is a message from Christian.From: Christian Grey  Subject:
Tonight  Date: May 25 2011 22:01 To: Anastasia Steele I don't
understand why you ran this evening. I sincerely hope I answered all
your questions  to your satisfaction. I know I have given you a great
deal to contemplate, and I  fervently hope that you will give my
proposal your serious consideration. I really want to  make this work.
We will take it slow. Trust me. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises
Holdings Inc.His email makes me weep more. I am not a merger. I am not
an acquisition. Reading this,  I might as well be. I don't reply. I
just don't know what to say to him. I fumble into my  PJs, and
wrapping his jacket around me. I climb into bed. As I lie staring into
the darkness,  I think of all the times he warned me to stay away.
‚ÄòAnastasia, you should steer clear of me. I'm not the man for you.' ‚ÄòI
don't do the girlfriend thing.' ‚ÄòI'm not a hearts and flowers kind of
guy.' ‚ÄòI don't make love.'‚ÄòThis is all I know.' And as I weep into my
pillow silently, it's this last idea I cling to. This is all I know,
too.  Perhaps together we can chart a new course. Christian is
standing over me grasping a plaited, leather riding-crop. He's wearing
old,  faded, ripped Levis and that's all. He flicks the crop slowly
into his palm as he gazes down  at me. He's smiling, triumphant. I
cannot move. I am naked and shackled, spread-eagled  on a large four-
poster bed. Reaching forward, he trails the tip of the crop from my
forehead  down the length of my nose, so I can smell the leather, and
over my parted, panting lips.  He pushes the tip into my mouth so I
can taste the smooth, rich leather. "Suck," he commands his voice
soft. My mouth closes over the tip as I obey. "Enough," he snaps. I'm
panting once more as he tugs the crop out of my mouth, trails it down
and under  my chin, on down my neck to the hollow at the base of my
throat. He swirls it slowly there  and then continues to drag the tip
down my body, along my sternum, between my breasts,  over my torso
down to my navel. I'm panting, squirming, pulling against my
restraints that  are biting into my wrists and my ankles. He swirls
the tip around my navel then continues  to trail the leather tip
south, through my pubic hair to my clitoris. He flicks the crop and it
hits my sweet spot with a sharp slap, and I come, gloriously, shouting
my release.  Abruptly, I wake, gasping for breath, covered in sweat
and feeling the aftershocks of  my orgasm. Holy hell. I'm completely
disorientated. What the hell just happened? I'm  in my bedroom alone.
How? Why? I sit bolt upright, shocked... wow. It's morning. I  glance at
my alarm clock - eight o'clock. I put my head in my hands. I didn't
know I could dream sex. Was it something I ate? Perhaps the oysters
and my Internet research  manifesting itself in my first wet dream.
It's bewildering. I had no idea that I could orgasm  in my sleep. Kate
is skipping around the kitchen when I stagger in. "Ana, are you okay?
You look odd. Is that Christian's jacket you're wearing?" "I'm fine."
Damn, should have checked in the mirror. I avoid her piercing green
eyes.  I'm still reeling from my morning's event. "Yes, this is
Christian's jacket." She frowns.  "Did you sleep?" "Not very well." I
head for the kettle. I need tea. "How was dinner?" So it begins. "We
had oysters. Followed by cod, so I'd say it was fishy." "Ugh... I hate
oysters, and I don't want to know about the food. How was Christian?
What did you talk about?" "He was attentive," I pause.  What can I
say? His HIV status is clear, he's heavily into role-play, wants me to
obey  his every command, he hurt someone he tied to his bedroom
ceiling, and he wanted to  fuck me in the private dining room. Would
that be a good summary? I try desperately to  remember something from
my encounter with Christian that I can discuss with Kate.  "He doesn't
approve of Wanda." "Who does, Ana? That's old news. Why are you being
so coy? Give it up, girlfriend." "Oh, Kate, we talked about lots
things. You know - how fussy he is about food. Incidentally,  he liked
your dress." The kettle has boiled, so I make myself some tea. "Do you
want tea? Would you like me to hear your speech for today?" "Yes,
please. I worked on it last night over at Lilah's. I'll go fetch it.
And yes, I'd love  some tea." Kate races out of the kitchen. Phew,
Katherine Kavanagh sidetracked. I slice a bagel and pop it into the
toaster. I  flush remembering my very vivid dream. What on earth was
that about?  Last night I found it hard to sleep. My head was buzzing
with various options. I am  so confused. Christian's idea of a
relationship is more like a job offer. It has set hours, a  job
description, and a rather harsh grievance procedure. It's not how I
envisaged my first  romance - but, of course, Christian doesn't do
romance. If I tell him I want more, he may  say no... and I could
jeopardize what he has offered. And this is what concerns me most,
because I don't want to lose him. But I'm not sure I have the stomach
to be his submissive  - deep down, it's the canes and whips that put
me off. I'm a physical coward, and I will go  a long way to avoid
pain. I think of my dream... is that what it would be like? My inner
goddess jumps up and down with cheerleading pom-poms shouting yes at
me. Kate comes back into the kitchen with her laptop. I concentrate on
my bagel and listen  patiently as she runs through her Valedictorian
speech.  I am dressed and ready when Ray arrives. I open the front
door, and he's standing on the  porch in his ill-fitting suit. A warm
surge of gratitude and love for this uncomplicated man  streaks
through me, and I throw my arms around him in an uncharacteristic
display of affection.  He's taken-aback, bemused. "Hey, Annie, I'm
pleased to see you too," he mutters as he hugs me. Setting me back,
his hands on my shoulders, he looks me up and down, his brow furrowed.
"You okay, kid?"  "Of course, Dad, can't a girl be pleased to see her
old man?" He smiles, his dark eyes crinkling at the corners, and
follows me into the living area. "You look good," he says. "This is
Kate's dress." I glance down at the grey chiffon halter neck dress. He
frowns.  "Where is Kate?" "She's gone to campus. She's giving a
speech, so she has to be early." "Should we head on over?" "Dad, we
have half an hour. Would you like some tea? And you can tell me how
everyone  in Montesano is getting along. How was the drive down?"
Ray pulls his car into the campus parking lot, and we follow the
stream of humanity dotted  with ubiquitous black and red gowns,
heading toward the sports auditorium. "Good luck, Annie. You seem
awfully nervous, do you have to do anything?" Holy crap... why has Ray
picked today to be so observant? "No, Dad. It's a big day." And I'm
going to see him. "Yeah, my baby girl has gotten a degree. I'm proud
of you, Annie." "Aw... thanks Ray." Oh I love this man. The sports
auditorium is crowded. Ray has gone to sit with the other parents and
well-wishers in the raked seating, while I make my way to my seat. I'm
wearing my black  gown and my cap, and I feel protected by them,
anonymous. There is no one on the stage  yet, but I can't seem to
steady my nerves. My heart is pounding, and my breathing is shallow.
He's here, somewhere. I wonder if Kate is talking to him,
interrogating him maybe.  I make my way to my seat amongst fellow
students whose surnames also begin with S. I  am in the second row,
affording me yet more anonymity. I glance behind me and spot Ray  sat
up high in the bleachers. I give him a wave. He self-consciously gives
me a half-wave,  half-salute back. I sit and wait. The auditorium
fills quickly, and the buzz of excited voices gets louder and louder.
The  row of seats in front fills. On either side of me, I am joined by
two girls whom I don't know  from a different faculty. They're
obviously close friends and talk across me excitedly. At eleven
precisely, the Chancellor appears from behind the stage, followed by
the  three Vice Chancellors, and then the senior professors, all
decked out in their black and red  regalia. We stand and applaud our
teaching staff. Some Professors nod and wave, others  look bored.
Professor Collins, my tutor and my favorite teacher, looks like he's
just fallen  out of bed, as usual. Last on to the stage are Kate and
Christian. Christian stands out in  his bespoke gray suit, copper
highlights glinting in his hair under the auditorium lights. He  looks
so serious and self-contained. As he sits, he undoes his single-
breasted jacket, and I glimpse his tie. Holy shit... that tie! I rub my
wrists reflexively. I cannot take my eyes off  him - his beauty as
distracting as ever - and he's wearing that tie, on purpose no doubt.
I  can feel my mouth press into a hard line. The audience sits down
and the applause ceases. "Look at him!" One of the girls beside me
breathes enthusiastically to her friend. "He's hot." I stiffen. I'm
sure they're not talking about Professor Collins. "Must be Christian
Grey." "Is he single?" I bristle.  "I don't think so," I murmur. "Oh."
Both girls look at me in surprise. "I think he's gay," I mutter. "What
a shame," one of the girls groans. As the Chancellor gets to his feet
and kicks off the proceedings with his speech, I  watch Christian
subtly scanning the hall. I sink into my seat, hunching my shoulders,
trying to make myself as inconspicuous as possible. I fail miserably
as a second later his  gray eyes find mine. He stares at me, his face
impassive, completely inscrutable. I squirm  uncomfortably, hypnotized
by his glare as I feel a slow flush spread across my face. Unbidden,
I recall my dream from this morning, and the muscles in my belly do
the delectable  clench thing. I inhale sharply. I can see the shadow
of a smile cross his lips, but it's fleeting.  He briefly closes his
eyes, and on opening them, resumes his indifferent expression.
Following a swift glance up at the Chancellor, he stares ahead,
focusing on the WSUV emblem  hung above the entrance. He doesn't turn
his eyes toward me again. The Chancellor  drones on, and Christian
still doesn't look at me, he just stares fixedly ahead. Why won't he
look at me? Perhaps he's changed his mind? A wave of unease washes
over me. Perhaps walking out on him last night was the end for him
too. He's bored of  waiting for me to make up my mind. Oh no, I could
have completely blown it. I remember  his email last night. Maybe he's
mad that I haven't replied. Suddenly, the room erupts into applause as
Miss Katherine Kavanagh has taken the  stage. The Chancellor sits, and
Kate tosses her lovely long hair behind her as she places  her papers
on the lectern. She takes her time, not intimidated by a thousand
people gawping  at her. She smiles when she's ready, looks up at the
captivated throng, and launches  eloquently into her speech. She's so
composed and funny, the girls beside me erupt on cue  at her first
joke. Oh, Katherine Kavanagh, you can deliver a good line. I feel so
proud of  her at that moment, my errant thoughts of Christian are
pushed to one side. Even though  I have heard her speech before, I
listen carefully. She commands the room and takes her  audience with
her.  Her theme is What Next After College? Oh, what next indeed.
Christian is watching  Kate, his eyebrows slightly raised - in
surprise, I think. Yes, it could have been Kate that  went to
interview him. And it could have been Kate that he was now making
indecent  proposals to. Beautiful Kate and beautiful Christian,
together. I could be like the two girls  beside me, admiring him from
afar. I know Kate wouldn't have given him the time of day.  What did
she call him the other day? Creepy. The thought of a confrontation
between Kate and Christian makes me uncomfortable. I have to say I
don't know which of them I would  put my money on. Kate concludes her
speech with a flourish, and spontaneously everyone stands, applauding
and cheering, her first standing ovation. I beam at her and cheer, and
she grins  back at me. Good job, Kate. She sits, as does the audience,
and the Chancellor rises and introduces  Christian... holy shit,
Christian's going to give a speech. The Chancellor touches  briefly on
Christian's achievements: CEO of his own extraordinarily successful
company,  a real self-made man. "And also a major benefactor to our
University, please welcome, Mr. Christian Grey." The Chancellor pumps
Christian's hand, and there is a swell of polite applause. My  heart's
in my throat. He approaches the lectern and surveys the hall. He looks
so confident  standing in front of us all, as Kate did before him. The
two girls beside me lean in, enraptured.  In fact, I think most of the
female members of the audience inch closer and a few of  the men. He
begins, his voice soft, measured, and mesmerizing. "I'm profoundly
grateful and touched by the great compliment accorded to me by the
authorities of WSU today. It offers me a rare opportunity to talk
about the impressive work  of the environmental science department
here at the University. Our aim is to develop viable  and ecologically
sustainable methods of farming for third world countries; our ultimate
goal is to help eradicate hunger and poverty across the globe. Over a
billion people, mainly  in Sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia, and Latin
America, live in abject poverty. Agricultural  dysfunction is rife
within these parts of the world and the result is ecological and
social  destruction. I have known what it's like to be profoundly
hungry. This is a very personal  journey for me... " My jaw falls to the
floor. What? Christian was hungry once. Holy crap. Well, that explains
a great deal. And I recall the interview; he really does want to feed
the world. I desperately  rack my brains to remember what Kate had
written in her article. Adopted at age  four, I think. I can't imagine
that Grace starved him, so it must have been before then, as  a little
boy. I swallow, my heart constricting at the thought of a hungry,
gray-eyed toddler.  Oh no. What kind of life did he have before the
Greys got hold of him and rescued him?  I'm seized by a sense of raw
outrage, poor, fucked-up, kinky, philanthropic Christian -  though I'm
sure he wouldn't see himself this way and would repel any thoughts of
sympathy  or pity. Abruptly, everyone bursts into applause and stands.
I follow, though I haven't  heard half his speech. He's doing all of
these good works, running a huge company, and  chasing me at the same
time. It's overwhelming. I remember the brief snippets of
conversations  he's had about Darfur... it all falls into place. Food.
He smiles briefly at the warm applause - even Kate is clapping, then
he resumes his  seat. He doesn't look my way, and I'm off-kilter
trying to assimilate this new information  about him. One of the Vice
Chancellors rises, and we begin the long, tedious process of
collecting  our degrees. There are over four hundred to be given out,
and it takes just over an hour  before I hear my name. I make my way
up to the stage between the two giggling girls.  Christian gazes down
at me, his gaze warm but guarded. "Congratulations, Miss Steele," he
says as he shakes my hand, squeezing it gently. I  feel the charge of
his flesh on mine. "Do you have a problem with your laptop?"I frown as
he hands me my degree. "No."  "Then you are ignoring my emails?" "I
only saw the mergers and acquisitions one." He looks quizzically at
me. "Later," he says, and I have to move on because I'm holding up the
line. I go back to my seat. Emails? He must have sent another. What
did it say? The ceremony takes another hour to conclude. It's
interminable. Finally, the Chancellor  leads the faculty members off
the stage to yet more rousing applause, preceded by  Christian and
Kate. Christian does not glance at me, even though I'm willing him to
do it.  My inner goddess is not pleased. As I stand and wait for our
row to disperse, Kate calls to me. She's heading my way  from behind
the stage. "Christian wants to talk to you," she shouts. The two girls
who are now standing beside  me turn and gape at me. "He's sent me out
here," she continues. Oh... "Your speech was great, Kate." "It was,
wasn't it?" she beams. "Are you coming? He can be very insistent." She
rolls  her eyes, and I grin. "You have no idea. I can't leave Ray for
long." I glance up at Ray and hold my fingers  up indicating five
minutes. He nods, giving me an okay sign, and I follow Kate into the
corridor behind the stage. Christian is talking to the Chancellor and
two of the teaching  staff. He looks up when he sees me. "Excuse me,
gentlemen," I hear him murmur. He comes toward me and smiles briefly
at Kate. "Thank you," he says, and before she can reply, he takes my
elbow and steers me into  what looks like a men's locker room. He
checks to see if it's empty, and then he locks the  door. Holy shit,
what does he have in mind? I blink up at him as he turns on me. "Why
haven't you emailed me? Or texted me back?" He glares. I'm nonplussed.
"I haven't looked at my computer today, or my phone." Crap, has he
been trying to  call? I try my distraction technique that's so
effective on Kate. "That was a great speech." "Thank you." "Explains
your food issues to me." He runs a hand through his hair, exasperated.
"Anastasia, I don't want to go there at the moment." He closes his
eyes, looking pained.  "I've been worried about you." "Worried, why?"
"Because you went home in that deathtrap you call a car." "What? It's
not a deathtrap. It's fine. Jos√© regularly services it for me." "Jos√©,
the photographer?" Christian's eyes narrow, his face frosting. Oh
Crap. "Yes, the Beetle used to belong to his mother." "Yes, and
probably her mother and her mother before her. It's not safe.""I've
been driving it for over three years. I'm sorry you were worried. Why
didn't you  call?" Jeez, he's completely over-reacting.  He takes a
deep breath.  "Anastasia, I need an answer from you. This waiting
around is driving me crazy." "Christian, I... look, I've left my stepdad
on his own." "Tomorrow. I want an answer by tomorrow." "Okay.
Tomorrow, I'll tell you then." I blink at him.  He steps back,
regarding me coolly, and his shoulders relax. "Are you staying for
drinks?" he asks. "I don't know what Ray wants to do." "Your
stepfather? I'd like to meet him." Oh no... why?  "I'm not sure that's a
good idea." Christian unlocks the door, his mouth in a grim line.
"Are you ashamed of me?" "No!" It's my turn to sound exasperated.
"Introduce you to my dad as what? ‚ÄòThis is  the man who deflowered me
and wants us to start a BDSM relationship'. You're not wearing
running shoes." Christian glares down at me, and then his lips twitch
up in a smile. And in spite of the  fact I'm mad at him, my face is
unwillingly pulled into an answering grin. "Just so you know, I can
run quite fast. Just tell him I'm your friend, Anastasia." He opens
the door, and I head out. My mind is whirling. The Chancellor, the
three  Vice Chancellors, four professors, and Kate stare at me as I
walk hastily past them. Holy  crap. Leaving Christian with the faculty
I go in search of Ray. Tell him I'm your friend. Friend with benefits,
my subconscious scowls. I know, I  know. I shake the unpleasant
thought away. How will I introduce him to Ray? The hall is  still at
least half full, and Ray has not moved from his spot. He sees me,
waves, and makes  his way down. "Hey, Annie. Congratulations." He puts
his arm around me. "Would you like to come and have a drink in the
marquee?" "Sure. It's your day. Lead the way." "We don't have to if
you don't want to." Please say no... "Annie, I've just sat for two and
half hours listening to all kinds of jabbering. I need  a drink." I
put my arm through his, and we stroll out with the throng into the
warmth of the early  afternoon. We pass the line for the official
photographer. "Oh, that reminds me." Ray drags a digital camera out of
his pocket. "One for the  album, Annie." I roll my eyes at him as he
snaps a picture of me. "Can I take the cap and gown off now? I feel
kind of dorky." You look kinda dorky... my subconscious is at her snarky
best. So are you going to  introduce Ray to the man you're fucking?
She is glaring at me over her wing-shaped spectacles.  He'd be so
proud. God, I hate her sometimes.The marquee is immense, and crowded -
students, parents, teachers, and friends, all  chattering happily. Ray
hands me a glass of champagne or cheap fizzy wine, I suspect. It's
not chilled, and it tastes sweet. My thoughts turn to Christian... he
won't like this. "Ana!" I turn, and Ethan Kavanagh scoops me into his
arms. He twirls me around,  without spilling my wine, some feat.
"Congratulations!" He beams down at me, green eyes twinkling.  What a
surprise. His dirty blonde hair tousled and sexy-looking. He's as
beautiful as  Kate. The family resemblance is striking. "Wow - Ethan!
How lovely to see you. Dad, this is Ethan, Kate's brother. Ethan, this
is my dad, Ray Steele." They shake hands, my dad coolly assessing Mr.
Kavanagh. "When did you get back from Europe?" I ask. "I've been back
for a week, but I wanted to surprise my little sister," he says
conspiratorially."That's so sweet." I grin up at him. "She is
Valedictorian, couldn't miss that." He looks immensely proud of his
sister. "She gave a great speech." "That she did," Ray agrees. Ethan
has his arm around my waist when I look up into the frosty gray eyes
of Christian  Grey. Kate is beside him. "Hello, Ray," Kate kisses Ray
on both cheeks, making him blush. "Have you met  Ana's boyfriend?
Christian Grey." Holy shit... Kate! Fuck! All the blood drains from my
face. "Mr. Steele, it's a pleasure to meet you." Christian says
smoothly, warmly, completely  unflustered by Kate's introduction. He
holds out his hand, which, all credit to Ray, Ray  takes, not showing
a hint of the drop-dead surprise he's just had thrust upon him.  Thank
you very much, Katherine Kavanagh, I fume. I think my subconscious has
fainted. "Mr. Grey," Ray murmurs, his expression indecipherable except
perhaps for the slight  widening of his big brown eyes. They slide
over my face with a when-were-you-going-to- give-me-this-news look. I
bite my lip. "And this is my brother, Ethan Kavanagh." says Kate to
Christian. Christian turns his arctic glare on Ethan, who still has
one arm around me.
